Security by Design in Orange Belt (#65)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: orange/follow-security-by-design-principles.md

- [Secure the Weakest Link](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#secure-the-weakest-link)
- [Decomposition](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#decomposition)
- [Separation of Privilege](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#separation-of-privilege)
- [Use Secure Defaults](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#use-secure-defaults)
- [Don't Reinvent the Wheel](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#dont-reinvent-the-wheel)
- [Don't Trust Your Supply Chain](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/wiki/Security-by-Design-Principles#dont-trust-your-supply-chain)

Build a common understanding within the team on how to implement these principles and integrate them into your development process.

## Benefits

- The team has a common language and understanding of security principles.
- Leverage proven security strategies to improve the resilience of your system.
- Relevant security considerations are performed.

> - Security flaws can be discovered or prevented early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Security flaws can be discovered or prevented already in the design.
```

## Assessment

- Explain the different Security by Design Principles. Each member of the team shall explain at least one principle.
- Show (in code) how your implementation follows the principles.

## Examples

For example, *Fail Securely* means whenever an error occurs in your software do not leak internal information and return into a state where the system is good to serve the next request.

When implementing this principle:

- Disable all debug output in production that is useful during development.
- Configure middleware like application servers to not return version numbers, stacktrace, and technical error messages.

> - When receiving a malformed HTTP request, reject it rather than guessing the intended content.

Reviewer: is guessing correct?
